hello there everyone my name is Anthony
and welcome to episode 9 of loot from
1,000 in this episode I will be taking
on two czars
it took me a really long time to finish
this episode but I'm finally done and
I'm really happy with the results so I
killed its arse with range and magic
because I thought I should pay some
attention to these skills because I
really enjoy training range of magic and
of course I can afk with that method so
that's really nice I bought myself a
Sears ring just because I can not
because I need it but I think it's a
nice items we just used for some extra
magic bonus and besides from that I
bought some ranging gear and ranging
ammo
so in total after buying all these items
I lost about 1 million and now's the
question of course can we make it back
with the next loot from 1000 so guys
let's kill 1000 Azar's
alright guys 1000 desires have been
killed and this is the loot as you can
see I got 16.6 Kato to OB Shields to OB
caves to OB mouths
I actually got three OB caves but of
course I already had one so that one
doesn't count and I got a lot of uncles
I didn't buy any uncut or other items
with my chuckle yet because I just
thought like it takes too long to do
that so if I just price check everything
then you can see I got 1.5 mil and 50k I
think that's not bad
however I am below average because on
average you should get a drop like once
in every 110 kills or so and I got a
drop in once in 160 kills but still in
general I think I'm really happy with
all these loops and let's sell
everything
there we go guys I've sold everything
and as you can see 1.5 mil and 23 K of
course I have a lot of charcoal but like
I said it takes a really long time to
spend all this circle on gems or other
items so for now I will just keep them
in the bank with anyways in general I'm
really happy with the loot 1.5 mil is a
lot of money and of course I did train
my skills no melis that's this time but
a deterrent range and magic range from
64 to 72 that's really nice and magic
from 57 to 63 I am very happy with all
these stats now the next skill I'm gonna
focus on is Slayer in episode 10 but it
still wants one more comic level to go
to a new Slayer master chilled R so I
will probably get like of a 50 prayer in
the next episode to UM match up with
that level alright guys so like always
it's time to put everything in the bank
let's see what we have in total 1.5 mil
and 580 K makes 2 point 1 million cash
and of course a lot of items still in
the bank like the Sears ring warriors
ring RB cape and you name it a lot of
stuff I'm getting richer every episode
and it's a really cool thing to see guys
so one thing to remember there's no pool
in this episode and you probably already
know why but if you don't episode 5 10
15 20 etcetera every 5 episodes I'm
planning on doing a Slayer episode and
of course in these episodes I cannot
pull for a certain monster because I can
no myself what I will get so episode 10
is gonna be about Slayer and of course
in that episode I will have a pool ready
for episode 11 but anyways guys I hope
you enjoyed I really enjoy working on
these videos and of course I know at the
moment I'm really working on a lot of
other series and stuff as well but I
really enjoyed doing this and it will
definitely not stop on this account so I
hope you enjoyed if you did feel free to
leave a like it would really help my
channel grow my video grow and thanks
again for everything see you next time
bye bye